[Applause]
[Music]
in the game I like to play a factor
basket before all the fans so I don't
know I expressed my feelings on the
court yeah like last year's was very
difficult for me because I play in the
other country so I I didn't know I play
in my hometown so I know all the people
it's much easier for you know for me it
was no problem on this for me this is
very good because I like to play like
vision very fast and sweaty so I don't
have problems for myself is very
portable because it's my first year in
jülich so it's good that I put my game
but we have really good teams respect to
giving couple games to get the
government to apply the play before the
match Anna before the nothing special
you are not just just before the game
you can
[Music]
gets denied in his house